the living walk among the
dead wondering when they will be the
ones laying on the floor wrapped in a
white
sheet they've learned the best way to
load the bodies onto a car here adults
to the side babies and children in the
middle he
says no one of my family survived all
those are my family brothers sisters and
cousins I'm left alone in this life we
cannot bury them in our hometown because
of
snipers inside the hospital they're in
the firing
line as you can hear we're targeted by
gunfire and artillery shells patients
injured and those who took shelter in
the hospital a goup with fear
overwhelmed by horror the hospital is
under attack by the Israelis with the
aim of evacuating all those inside the
hospital patients victims displac
civilians we the medical staff are
holding our ground we are standing by
our patients and the wounded will
continue to Serve the People by all
means left here at Kamal adwan
Hospital displaced Palestinians sought
Refuge at a school now they're added to
the long list of victims Israel appears
to have no issue bombing schools it's
Palestinians who are forced to say
goodbye to their loved ones parents
forced to bury their
children you're mercy God I lost my son
oh my son oh my son answer me you left
me alone I cannot part with my son he is
all I
had Israel has asked Palestinians to
move to Rafa further south but it bombs
everywhere leaving no part and no one
Untouched by its war on
Gaza this is his blood this is his
Precious Blood my God have mercy on his
soul my darling I want to smell his
scent just smell his
scent the scent in Gaza is of death Asad
Al
jaaz make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer